1. Replace Complaint Text Area

Currently the Inspection Dialog contains a text area for entering customer complaints.

Modify this section:

Remove the manual text area and replace it with:

Upload RO PDF field

Label:

Upload Repair Order (RO) PDF

Accepted file types:

.pdf

2. PDF Upload Behavior

When the Service Adviser uploads the PDF:

Read the PDF content.

Extract the text from the document.

Locate the section with the heading:

"Demanded Repair (Customer Voice)"

This section contains line-by-line customer complaints.

3. Complaint Extraction Logic

The system should:

Find the text under
Demanded Repair (Customer Voice)

Extract the complaint lines appearing below this heading.

Stop extraction when reaching the next unrelated section.

Ignore:

Empty rows

Numbers without text

4. Display Extracted Complaints

After extraction:

Display the complaints as a list inside the inspection dialog.

Example UI:

Customer Complaints

• Scheme service as per 5th year or 75k
• Front RH power window not working
• Abnormal noise from front side while driving
• Washing AC engine
• Noise from engine side – additional repair

5. Editable Complaint List

Each extracted complaint should appear as an editable input field.

Service Adviser should be able to:

Edit the complaint text

Add new complaints

Delete unwanted complaints

Example UI:

Complaint 1:
[ Scheme service as per 5th year or 75k ] ✏️ 🗑

Complaint 2:
[ Front RH power window not working ] ✏️ 🗑

Complaint 3:
[ Abnormal noise from front side while driving ] ✏️ 🗑

Buttons:

Add Complaint
Remove Complaint

This allows advisers to correct or modify complaints if the PDF extraction is imperfect.

6. Save Behavior

When the adviser clicks Save Inspection:

Save all complaints as an array/list in the database linked to the vehicle entry.

Example data structure:

complaints: [
 "Scheme service as per 5th year or 75k",
 "Front RH power window not working",
 "Abnormal noise from front side while driving",
 "Washing AC engine",
 "Noise from engine side additional repair"
]
7. Error Handling

If the PDF does not contain the section:

"Demanded Repair (Customer Voice)"

Show message:

"Customer complaint section not found in the uploaded PDF."

Allow the adviser to manually add complaints using the Add Complaint button.

8. Expected Result

The Service Adviser should be able to:

Upload a Repair Order PDF

The system automatically extracts customer complaints

Displays them as editable complaint items

Adviser can edit, add, or delete complaints

Save the final complaint list with the inspection record

This will eliminate manual typing of complaints while still giving the adviser full control to edit them.