1. Replace Complaint Text Area

Currently the Inspection Dialog contains a text area for entering customer complaints.

Modify this section:

Remove the manual text area and replace it with:

Upload RO PDF field

Label:

Upload Repair Order (RO) PDF

Accepted file types:

.pdf

2. PDF Upload Behavior

When the Service Adviser uploads the PDF:

Read the PDF content.

Extract text from the document.

Locate the section with the heading:

"Demanded Repair (Customer Voice)"

This section contains line-by-line customer complaints.

3. Complaint Extraction Logic

The system should:

Find the text under
Demanded Repair (Customer Voice)

Extract the complaint lines that appear below this heading.

Stop extraction when reaching the next section or unrelated content.

Ignore:

Empty rows

Numbers without text

4. Display Extracted Complaints

After extraction:

Display the complaints as a list of items inside the inspection dialog.

Example UI:

Customer Complaints

• Scheme service as per 5th year or 75k
• Front RH power window not working
• Abnormal noise from front side while driving
• Washing AC engine
• Noise from engine side – additional repair

5. Editable List

Each extracted complaint should appear as:

A list item

Editable if needed

Allow adding or removing complaints manually

Example:

Complaint 1: [ Scheme service as per 5th year or 75k ]
Complaint 2: [ Front RH power window not working ]
Complaint 3: [ Abnormal noise from front side while driving ]
6. Save Behavior

When the adviser clicks Save Inspection:

Save the complaints as an array/list in the database linked to the vehicle entry.

Example data structure:

complaints: [
 "Scheme service as per 5th year or 75k",
 "Front RH power window not working",
 "Abnormal noise from front side while driving",
 "Washing AC engine",
 "Noise from engine side additional repair"
]
7. Error Handling

If the PDF does not contain the section:

"Demanded Repair (Customer Voice)"

Show message:

"Customer complaint section not found in the uploaded PDF."

Allow manual complaint entry.

8. Expected Result

The Service Adviser should be able to:

Upload a Repair Order PDF

The system automatically extracts customer complaints

Displays them as separate editable items

Saves them with the inspection record

This will eliminate manual typing of complaints and speed up the inspection workflow.